# Prometheux_chain

## Description
Prometheux Chain is a Python SDK designed to help you create, evolve, and deploy knowledge graphs with ease. The SDK offers the following capabilities:

- Data Ingestion: Seamlessly integrate data from various sources, including databases and files.
- Reasoning & Knowledge Augmentation: Perform logical reasoning to derive new insights and augment your existing knowledge base.
- Explainability: Gain clear explanations of the results generated by the system.

For more information refer to the [documentation](https://docs.prometheux.ai/sdk)

## Features
- Supports a wide range of data sources.
- Built-in reasoning engine for deriving new knowledge.
- Easy-to-understand explanations for enhanced interpretability.
- Ready-to-use configurations for fast deployment.

## Installation

### Requirements
- Python 3.7 or higher

### Install Using pip

1. Set Up a Virtual Environment (recommended):

```bash
python3 -m venv myenv
source myenv/bin/activate  # On Windows: myenv\Scripts\activate
```

2. Install the SDK via pip:

```
pip install --upgrade prometheux_chain
```

## Usage

This guide demonstrates how to get started with the Prometheux Chain SDK. The example below outlines a typical workflow, including creating a project, defining concept logic, and running concepts to generate results.

### Workflow

#### Import the `prometheux_chain`
```python
import prometheux_chain as px
import os
```

#### Define the PMTX_TOKEN environment variable for authentication
```python
os.environ['PMTX_TOKEN'] = 'my_pmtx_token'
```

#### Configure the backend connection using your Prometheux account
```python
px.config.set('JARVISPY_URL', "https://platform.prometheux.ai/jarvispy/'my_organization'/'my_username'")
```

#### Create a new project
```python
project_id = px.save_project(project_name="test_project")
```

#### Define concept logic using Vadalog syntax and save it
```python
concept_logic = """
company("Apple", "Redwood City, CA").
company("Google", "Mountain View, CA").
company("Microsoft", "Redmond, WA").
company("Amazon", "Seattle, WA").
company("Facebook", "Menlo Park, CA").
company("Twitter", "San Francisco, CA").
company("LinkedIn", "Sunnyvale, CA").
company("Instagram", "Menlo Park, CA").

location(Location) :- company(_,Location).

@output("location").
"""
px.save_concept(project_id=project_id, concept_logic=concept_logic)
```

#### Run the concept to generate results
```python
px.run_concept(project_id=project_id, concept_name="location")
```
